Proof of a Physiological Basis for the
Concurrency Presented by History:
or, The Polynomial Affect of Simultaneously Lived Times
Re-presented Through Applied Historical Methodologies

Sunday, March 02, 2003

10:43:26 PM

1. Experience of History.  Living presently in March, 2003, 
The excitations and relaxations of things felt.  The manner ways in which history has been [re-]presented.  Belief in physiological basis for so-called ‘historical consciousness’ hereby reduced merely to historical presentations, esp. to self.  These occur within the reach of metabolic systems, an endogenous capacity to preview structuration of historic consolidation, compression, condensation, concentration, or cohesion.  Mainly from preview of intracellular collagen.  Mitosis therefore presents dispersive analogies in mentalistic reappraisal of physio-image, i.e. electromagnetic, electrostatic, biochemical, viz. organic proof of seen historicity.

Bio-image, geo-image: tectonics of sedimentary layers, geological model of thought.  Eye Affects: muscular (fibrous), electrochemical (circuitous).  Impulse as shoot; homo habitus as lightning or graven image or grooves on a phonographic record.  As tributaries towards for the gulf.  

I think that at some point these things are felt.


It will have been said, it will have will been said, there was a new tense I dreamt of, that which I am doing, that which I will be doing, that which I will have been doing, that which I will have to have been doing, 

do = will do = will have done = will be doing


Splice Civil Code of Lower Canada & J.S. Mill’s Representative Government + book on Seigniorial system in early Canada = Legion, my writings on the Dream Assembly, just called The Assembly.  A thesis on representation, on representations of representation, its processes, procedures, schedules, minutes, contracts, and prescriptions.  How the moment is inscribed, the messenger-system of historical, geo-grammatical, and binomial concurrency.

Proof of a Physiological Basis for the Concurrency Presented by History = Moral Philosophy, a Philosophy of Habit to understand History on a personal, physiological level, through habit and the understanding of them.


Proof of a Non-Mechanistic, Non-Deterministic
Physiological Basis For Technical Application:

Template, 

Title First.
OF THE DISTINCTION OF THINGS.
374.  All property, incorporeal as well as corporeal, is moveable or immoveable.

CHAPTER FIRST.
OF IMMOVEABLES.
375.  Property is immoveable either by its nature, or by its destination, or by reason of the object to which it is attached, or lastly by determination of law.
376.  Lands and buildings are immoveable by their nature.
377.  Windmills and water-mills, built on piles and forming part of the building, are also immoveable by their nature when they are constructed for a permanency.
378.  Crops uncut and fruits unplucked are also immoveable.
     According as grain is cut and as fruit is plucked, they become moveable in so far as regards the portion cut or plucked.  The same rule applies to trees; they are immoveable so long as they are attached to the ground by their roots and they become moveable as soon as they are felled.
379.  Moveable things which a proprietor has placed on his real property for a permanency or which he has incorporated therewith, are immoveable by their destination so long as they remain there.
     Thus, within these restrictions, the following and other like objects are immoveable:
1.  Presses, boilers, stills, vats, and tuns;
2.  All utensils necessary for working forges, paper-mills and other manufactories.
     Manure, and the straw and other substances intended for manure, are likewise immoveable by destination.

380.  Those things are considered as being attached for a permanency which are placed by the proprietor and fastened with iron and nails, imbedded in plaster, lime or cement, or which cannot be removed without breakage, or without destroying or deteriorating that part of the property to which they are attached.
     Mirrors, pictures and other ornaments are considered to have been placed permanently when without them the part of the room they cover would remain incomplete or imperfect.
381.  Rights of emphyteusis, of usufruct or immoveable things, of use and habitation, servitudes, and rights or actions which tend to obtain possession of an immoveable, are immoveable by reason of the objects to which they are attached.
382.  All moveable property, of which the law ordains or authorizes the realization, becomes immoveable by determination of law, either absolutely or for certain purposes.
     The law declares to be immoveable the capital of unredeemed constituted rents that were created before the promulgation of this code, as also all moneys produced by the redemption during their minority of constituted rents belonging to minors.
     The same rule applies to all sums accruing to a minor from the sale of his immoveables during his minority, which sums remain immoveable so long as the minority lasts.
     The law declares to be immoveable all sums given by ascendants to their children, in contemplation of marriage, to be used in the purchase of real estate or to remain as private property to them only or to them and to their children.

CHAPTER SECOND.
OF MOVEABLES.
383.  Property is moveable by its nature or by determination of the law.
384.  All bodies which can be moved from one place to another, either by themselves, as animals, or by extrinsic force, as inanimate things, are moveable by nature.
385.  Boats, scows, ships, floating mills and floating baths and generally all manufactories not built on piles and not forming part of the realty, are moveable.
386.  Materials arising from the demolition of a building, or of a wall or other fence, and those collected for the construction of a new one, are moveable so long as they are not used.
     But things forming part of a building, wall or fence, and which are only temporarily separated from it, do not cease to be immoveable so long as they are destined to be placed back again.
387.  Those immoveables are moveable by determination of law, of which the law for certain purposes authorizes the mobilization, so are all obligations and actions respecting moveable effects, including debts created or guaranteed by the province or by corporations, also all shares or interests in financial, commercial or manufacturing companies, although such companies, for the purposes of their business, should own immoveables.  These immoveables are reputed to be moveable with regard to each partner, only so long as the company lasts.
388.  [Constituted rents and all other perpetual or life rents, are also moveable by determination of law; saving those resulting from emphyteusis, which are immoveable.]
389.  No ground-rent, or other rent, affecting real estate, can be created for a term exceeding ninety-nine years, or the lives of three persons consecutively.
     These terms having expired, the creditor of any such rent may exact the capital of it.
     Such rents although created for ninety-nine years, or for the lives of three persons, are, at all times, redeemable, at the option of the debtor, in the same manner as constituted rents to which they are assimilated.
390.  It is nevertheless competent for the parties to stipulate, in the title creating these rents, that they shall only be redeemed at a certain time agreed upon, which cannot exceed thirty years; every stipulation extending this term being null with regard to the excess.
391.  All ground-rents, or other rents, affecting real estate, created heretofore, for a term exceeding ninety-nine years or the lives of three persons, are redeemable at the option of the debtor or of the possessor of the immoveable charged.
392.  Rents created by emphyteutic lease are not however subject to such redemption, nor those to which the creditor has only a conditional or a limited right.
393.  [Where the sum for which the redemption of rents, other than life-rents, may take place is neither fixed by law nor validly agreed upon, the rents are redeemed by the repayment of the original price in capital, or of the value in money put by the parties upon the things which formed the consideration of the rents so created.  If such price or such value do not appear, the redemption is effected by the payment of a sum sufficient to produce a like rent for the future, at the legal rate of interest at the time of the redemption.]
     Special provisions concerning the redemption of the rents substituted for seigniorial rights, are contained in chapter forty-one of the Consolidated Statues for Lower Canada.

Geography is programmatic of Geo-grammatic formations.  Prove organic, fluid concurrency of person and historical landscape.  Reading through newspapers, reading through Civil Code of Lower Canada from 1898 or ABC of Gothic Architecture from same year.  Reading about the Seigniorial system in Early Canada, reading about Life on a Medieval Barony and shapes concurrently exist grammatically, syntactically, and tonally.  This is an essay on Tone, not intonation, but tonal spectricity of presentation/demonstration, of actual technical application subsisting historically.  The concurrence of past production and present re-visiting has a resonance.  I therefore live history in this way, and through the action of writing myself, I prove the organic, fluid concurrency of past and present: I prove the geo-grammatical binomial historical methodology of self-presentation.  This is moral philosophy in its Curative State.

Those were my proto-grammatical, proto-spatial word-originaries, my conceptoid blocs.. I dreamt of legislation, of prescription, inscription, subscription, plates and templates, thick plates like Riopelle paintings, hard sex holding a girls ass who sits above me pouncing on my steel cock, I touch her anus, stick a finger in it and it opens wide and is juicy.. I believe somewhat in physiology as the basis for fucking which can actual admit such things as déjà vu and a certain concurrence on a psychological and spiritual level.. artists respond to a time.. what I think I choose as an artist, as material, subject, etc., has already been chosen not by big marketing companies but by the lived time of all the species.. I shape tools, and I believe that thought in the last five years has evolved to more simultaneist proportions.. conceptual, thinking in different zones, different manners.. white is not a color, but to a painter it is, it is a tube of paint like all others, it is pigment.. it is a stuff you apply, it is paint, that is undeniable.. white is paint like all other paints, and to me it is a color, I treat it as one, there is no hierarchy for painting as regards the application of paint materials whatever their hue or color or position on the spectrum or beyond it, like black and white are supposed to be..

Foucault studied contingencies.  He looked, in History, at that which outlives man, his institutions, his discourses, all material extensions in history that are not man.  Foucault did not care or show care in his writings for logical analyses or grammatical analyses.  He was not a literary analyst, per se.  He was a discourse analyst, but specifically, I would say, a historical materialist of a greater order than a Marx.  We could see Marx as studying money, capital, commodities, but Foucault studying Banks, something like that.  A greater order, something more necessary and useful for today.

The Polynomial Affect of Simultaneously Lived Times
Re-presented Through Applied Historical Methodologies

Geotectonics on a grammatical scale, with tonic accent, with habit, mode, behavior.  Geospatial, geotheoria, a spatial scale, geo- ecological, meteorological influence onto habit.. habitance is spatial environ, from the settlement to notary drafting, the seigniorial system, a system of settlements, title-deeds..

Tuesday, March 04, 2003

globular globulation small


Manipulations of Time on Sherbrooke Street West, between Claremont and Vendome: antiquary, art store, Jean Coutu, flowers, etc.

indubitably corroborating verifying 
linear segmentation with multiplicative endurance for interpretation
oscillation oscillate eradicating denotation spectatorial interpolation
evince conjunctiva
Object-less and therefore eliciting

mismatch between mental landscape and technical echo-placement
extracting
transmutation

tension, pressure totalitarianism Heisenberg corpuscle corpuscular

In short, the painting manipulates electrochemical impulses from retinal excitation through technical strategies of repetitive and continuous disparate application of pictorial units varying yet monochromic, and the mosaic effect of nondescript electromagnetic flatness on the spectator’s affectivo-plastic subjectivity is of a horizon renouncing any nearness through the constant variable of irredeemable distance forbidding passage and therefore resolving in a globular-spherical, orbital and periodic projection of memorial retention on the hymen of the visible. 

supplementing vision with its own inert facticity

corridors arcade

Passage in/of History in/of Painting

The Manifold of Throughness

c)the possibility of passive spectatorship
conversion, subversion diagrammatic extrapolation: or cartographic

atmospherics uncertainty obscurity ambience atonality aleatory aural trace template vagueness haze or dimness

assigned prescribed authenticated vagueness prescription of vagueness, drafting, title-deed, notary sketch promissory note coupon skeleton draft draft
and by procedural acts of habit, habitation, occupation, and settlement, 
possession or mitosis of retinal impression into electromagnetic intelligence of pictorial prismaticization. granular granulation 
reflecting implicit inherence of material objectité

stages of projection 
negotiate, to fix, to arrange, to repair correct adjust mend emend 
strata skeletally adjustment

modal rearranging arrange
metamorphosis metamorphosis transformation alteration shift variation movement change mutation turn transaction transduction motivated array rank order degree grade station to stop lock stitch chronicle endearment entertainment spectacle opera theatre
material intelligence expositing objectness incapable of retrieval by host body unless host exists in thing-state sympathetic participation
Man thing God
image figure form icon facsimile mirror copy counterpart reflection
enunciative articulative demonstrative
corpuscle corpusclation corporealisation 
simultaneously
segment

Retinal Painting as Presentation of History

Retinal Painting as Disclosing Historical Figures:

Historical Figuration through Retinal Physio-Imaging:

Historical-figural Structuration Represented through Retinal Physio-Imaging:

Bio-Documentary Evidence: Historic Structuration Represented Through Retinal Physio-Imaging, or The Living, Congealed physiological

Bio-Documentary Evidence: Historiography
Represented Through Retinal Physio-Imaging:
deposited aggregates
migratory 

what could tentatively be called physiodramas

Vitreous
puncta lachrymalia (the lachrymal apparatus)
structure

Motif as periodus of periodicity.
Motif as tectonics of periodicity and periodization. in segments, clusters, or figural trajectory.
 graphic or draft (delineation, projection, diagram) eventually the compressed template.

aggregation inscribed in graph or prescribed in a draft (delineation, projection, diagram) forming the compressed template.

compression or compaction (within implication) operating with that suddenness and simultaneity involved necessarily on account of the immediacy
which implication involving immediacy of necessity.

Intensive gradation is self-contained.

Convergence on fibre transduced according to maintenance schedule.
managerial script channels under axiom of assembly
basis of uniform reflective-horizon
Projection a retainer of metabolic integrity.
metabolic retainer preserver

of the period consolidation, 
as diagrammatic edict of the orbital consolidation / distribution
dispersal dispersions

However, by reason of the Vitreous element, one may remain reflected indefinitely and risks detotalizing the conduit.

As inhabiting, Habitant proffers collectionism in contact once the interval converts peripherally or in spikes.

Therefore, as object in range of mobility, Habitant inclines plane to assemble prescriptive Projection in gradated calendars exhaustively fixer 

Here is proof, then, that historical topics can register on the domain of the Retinal theoretic of bio-speculation.
Retinal theoretic of biologic physio-speculation.

biochronicling presentation.  entity.  physio-imaging wherein







…
